Themis Extraction Plugin
Visualizing backup data as a timeline with events from a person life is a computation intensive task that cannot be done at runtime with reasonable response time. The approach is to extract relevant information during the backup job in order to have it in a structured form when needed.
The extraction plugin is an Action plugin (registered with the Worker Service ) that does the extraction of relevant entities from the data being backed up.  It is independent of the Data Source and Sink and other Action plugins (e.g. Indexing). The type of the entities extracted depends on the use-case. It currently supports extraction of person related information (name, surname, address, phone number) from visit card files (.vcf) and appointment information from calendar files (.cal). The plugin stores the extracted entities into a job specific file based Derby database. This database is compressed and passed along for storage alongside with the original data. This archive is stored in the same encrypted per user container as the original data.
The plugin uses Hibernate thus enabling the use of a wide variety of other databases. The plugin can easily be extended to satisfy the requirements of a specific use-case by handling further file formats and extracting additional entities. Data fusion can also be achieved by linking entities in the database. For example an appointment extracted from a calendar can be linked to the attendee entities extracted from visit cards.
